Adding option to enable Mini Profiler on the admin too (Lombiq Technologies: OCORE-19) (#6052)
OrchardCMS/OrchardCore: src/docs/reference/core/Configuration/README.md

}
```

> You can also configure options from code in the web project's `Startup` class as explained in the [ASP.NET documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/configuration/options). A lot of Orchard features have options support while they don't offer default static configuration behavior so for those you need to write your own configuration code.

Reviewer: ok cool, can you break this and the next sentence up more (need line breaks for the markdown), use `IOptions`, `Orchard Core`, and explain that if you do this, the values in the admin site settings will not be correct, or used, though they will still be visible

Author: I'm not sure I understand what you mean by breaking it up and line breaks. These are short paragraphs already:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1976647/80810677-a36e7f00-8bc4-11ea-86f6-f503a4ab2732.png)

I don't understand either what you mean by "use IOptions, Orchard Core".

I think your other suggestion adds redundancy as it's already mentioned the settings will be overridden, and we don't want to explain the overall usage of options instead of the person looking at the official documentation which is linked there. But I've added more explanation.

}
```

> You can also configure options from code in the web project's `Startup` class as explained in the [ASP.NET documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/configuration/options). A lot of Orchard features have options support while they don't offer default static configuration behavior so for those you need to write your own configuration code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also configure `IOptions` from code in the web project's `Startup` class as explained in the [ASP.NET documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/configuration/options). 

A lot of Orchard Core features are configured through the admin UI with site settings stored in the database. If you wish to override the site settings, you can do this with your own configuration code.
```

Reviewer: Sorry for not being clear. 
I just meant Orchard is now Orchard Core, and when the docs get parsed by mkdocs, they read better with a few more line breaks. So here's a suggestion for breaking it up a bit

Author: Sure. Though since the whole documentation website is about Orchard Core I see no harm in shortening it to just "Orchard" when we're mentioning it the tenth time :).

}
```

You can also configure `IOptions` from code in the web project's `Startup` class as explained in the [ASP.NET documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/configuration/options). 

A lot of Orchard Core features are configured through the admin UI with site settings stored in the database. If you wish to override the site settings, you can do this with your own configuration code.

For example, the Email module allows SMTP configuration via the `SmtpSettings` class which by default is populated from the given tenant's site settings, as set on the admin. However, you can override the site settings from the `Startup` class like this (note that we use `PostConfigure` to override the site settings' values but if the module doesn't use site settings you can just use `Configure`):

```
public void ConfigureServices(IServiceCollection services)
{
    services.AddOrchardCms(builder => builder.ConfigureServices(services =>
        services.PostConfigure<SmtpSettings>(settings =>
        {
            // You could e.g. fetch the configuration values from and injected IShellConfiguration instance here.
            settings.Port = 255;
        })));
}
```

> This will thus make the SMTP port use this configuration despite any other value defined from site settings. Note that on the admin there will be no indication that this override happened (and the value displayed there will still be the one configured in site settings) so if you choose to do this you'll need to let your users know.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will thus make the SMTP port use this configuration despite any other value defined from site settings. 

!!! note 
    On the admin there will be no indication that this override happened, and the value displayed there will still be 
    the one configured in site settings, so if you choose to do this you'll need to let your users know.
```

Author: Thanks, didn't know about this. I assume this will be parsed by MkDocs as it's not a standard MD (or GitHub-flavored MD) notation?

Reviewer: I (think) it's part of the material theming it uses

}
```

You can also configure `IOptions` from code in the web project's `Startup` class as explained in the [ASP.NET documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/configuration/options). 

A lot of Orchard Core features are configured through the admin UI with site settings stored in the database. If you wish to override the site settings, you can do this with your own configuration code.

For example, the Email module allows SMTP configuration via the `SmtpSettings` class which by default is populated from the given tenant's site settings, as set on the admin. However, you can override the site settings from the `Startup` class like this (note that we use `PostConfigure` to override the site settings' values but if the module doesn't use site settings you can just use `Configure`):

```
public void ConfigureServices(IServiceCollection services)
{
    services.AddOrchardCms(builder => builder.ConfigureServices(services =>
        services.PostConfigure<SmtpSettings>(settings =>
        {
            // You could e.g. fetch the configuration values from and injected IShellConfiguration instance here.
            settings.Port = 255;
        })));

> }

Reviewer 2: @Piedone @deanmarcussen 

Here you need another name for the local parameter `services` as it is already used by the enclosing scope, e.g.

    public void ConfigureServices(IServiceCollection services)
    {
        services.AddOrchardCms(builder => builder.ConfigureServices(tenantServices =>

Also now there is an `AddOrchardCms()` override that returns an `AddOrchardCms` so that you can use directly

    services.AddOrchardCms()
        .ConfigureServices(tenantServices =>

Reviewer 3: @jtkech feel free to fix it directly from GH

Reviewer 2: Okay will do, do we need to provide both ways? Or just fix this one

Author: Looking at it it's strange that it works with both variables being called `services` but this is actually valid code and there are no build errors. I've copied this from a VS window.

In the `Startup` class my personal preference is on this inner lambda but fine, I've changed it to the other one.

Reviewer 2: > but this is actually valid code

On my side it doesn't allow it under VStudio, maybe i have other editor options but i use the ones defined in our repo

I would have used `tenantServices.PostConfigure()` or maybe `serviceCollection.PostConfigure()` or just `s.PostConfigure()` but not `configure.PostConfigure()`

Author: The beauty of having different approaches, isn't it? :) It's up to you if you'd like to change it.

Reviewer 2: @Piedone no problem maybe this is my bad english that added some confusion ;)

I just wanted to say that there are 2 ways and pointed out the name issue

I also like the delegate one ;)

And in my last comment i was just talking about the parameter name you used here but anyway it's okay for me

    .ConfigureServices(configure => // here configure is a service collection

Author: No worries Jean-Thierry, thanks for pointing it out.
